{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\deff0\nouicompat\deftab800{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}{\f2\froman TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}}
{\colortbl ;\red62\green107\blue181;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa100\sl240\slmult0\qj\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\b\f0\fs22\lang18 KAKAO Privacy Policy\par
\cf1\ul\b0\par
\cf0\ulnone\b Welcome!\par
\b0 Safe handling of your personal information is very important to us. KAKAO will use your personal information only for the purpose and within the scope for which your consent is given to us with an aim to provide KAKAO services (each a \ldblquote\b Service\b0\rdblquote  and, collectively, the \ldblquote\b Services\b0\rdblquote ) in a smooth manner.  Unless otherwise required by the relevant laws and regulations or consented by you, KAKAO will never disclose your personal information to a third party. KAKAO devised a comprehensive privacy policy applicable to all of the Services provided by KAKAO (the \ldblquote\b Privacy Policy\b0\rdblquote ), so that you may easily understand KAKAO\rquote s efforts to protect your personal information and other details related thereto. The Privacy Policy is publicly available at all times, and you may read a full description of the Privacy Policy whenever you need to do so.  Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be notified to you to ensure that you understand the details of such changes and the reasons therefor. \par
\b Your personal information will be used by KAKAO to provide better services to you.\par
\b0 KAKAO will collect your personal information as necessary to provide the Services in a seamless manner and to improve your user experience. In this regard, in order to provide the basic and various specialized functions of the Services pursuant to the Terms of Service for which your consent is given, it may be necessary for KAKAO to verify your personal information such as your personal verification information, age, account, contact information and information on the device that you use for the Services. Your personal information may be used for search, registration or notification of other Service users who are registered in your phone address book or who may be your KAKAO Friends. Furthermore, your personal information may also be used for provision of the required notification to you, the handling of any questions or disputes arising in connection with your use of the Services, the transmission of content for fee-based services or the settlement of charges payable by you. In addition, your personal information may be used for the statistical analysis for the provision of new customized services, the provision of information regarding various events and other advertising materials, the performance of obligations required under applicable laws and regulations, as well as for the prevention of any improper use of your personal information that may cause you damage.    \par
\b KAKAO will collect the following information to provide you with a better service. \par
\b0 When you first join a Service or during the course of your use of the Service, KAKAO will collect your telephone number, third party telephone numbers and names stored in the address book of your smartphone or other device you use for the Service, your device information, information on the operating system and hardware environment, including OS version, CPU and LAN card information, legal guardian information (if you are under 14 years of age), your status information, name, birth date, gender, ID, photos (including meta-information), service usage data, e-mail address, location information, IP address and cookies through the KAKAO homepage or the individual applications or programs within the Service. In addition to the foregoing information, during the course of your use of fee-based Services, KAKAO may collect information required for the settlement, including your credit card information, telecommunications service provider information, gift certificate number, etc.   \par
\b KAKAO will never disclose your personal information to a third party, unless you otherwise consent to such disclosure or such disclosure is required by law. \par
\b0 KAKAO will use your personal information only for the purposes set forth above and will not disclose to or share your personal information with a third party, unless you consent to such disclosure or sharing during the course of your use of the Services or it is otherwise required by law. \par
With respect to any Services that are provided with links to a third-party-provided service, KAKAO may provide your personal information to such third party with your consent within the scope necessary for your use of the Services. Please refer to below for more information on such linking services. Details of the provision of your personal information to a third party for the linking service are as set forth below:\par
\par
\kerning1 - Third party to be provided with your personal information :  Application or other service providers\par
- Purpose : Provision of a customized service through a link to the applicable application service\par
\kerning0 - \kerning1 Personal information to be provided : User Name (Nickname), profile photo, Friends List\par
- Term of retention : For the period of use of the applicable application\par

\pard\sa100\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\kerning0\par

\pard\sa100\sl240\slmult0\qj\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720 You can check the status of the customized linking service used by you as follows:\par

\pard\sa100\sl240\slmult0\qj\tx400\tx760\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720 If any application is indicated as \ldblquote Connected Apps\rdblquote  on the KAKAO Account Menu, it means that you are using the indicated application. \par

\pard\sa100\sl240\slmult0\qj\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\b\par
KAKAO may entrust a third party with the handling of your personal information, when necessary for seamless provision of the Services. \par
\b0 If necessary for the smooth provision of the Services, KAKAO may entrust a third party (the \ldblquote\b Service Provider\b0\rdblquote ) with the handling of your personal information. Please refer to below for more information on the Service Provider and the services to be provided by the Service Provider. \par
\kerning1\par
1) Service Provider \kerning0 : \f1 Trendscosmos Korea \par
\kerning1\f0 Purpose : Customer Support for KAKAO Service \par
Term of retention : For the period of use of the applicable application or the termination of consignment contract with the third party.\f2\line\f0 2) Service Provider \kerning0 : \kerning1 Metanet MCC\kerning0\f1  \f0\par
\kerning1 Purpose : Customer Support for KAKAO Service\par
Term of retention : For the period of use of the applicable application or the termination of consignment contract with the third party.\f2\line\f0 3) Service Provider \kerning0 : \kerning1 Danal\par
Purpose : Identification of Age and Personal Information for Payment Validation.\par
Term of retention : For the period of use of the applicable application or the termination of consignment contract with the third party.\f2\line\f0 4) Service Provider \kerning0 : \kerning1 Podotree\par
Purpose : Customer Support for KAKAO Card Service. System Development and Operation. \par
Term of retention : For the period of use of the applicable application or the termination of consignment contract with the third party.\par

\pard\sa100\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\kerning0\par

\pard\sa100\sl240\slmult0\qj\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\b Your personal information will be discarded without delay after fulfilling the purpose of collection and use thereof, unless it is required to be stored under the applicable laws or KAKAO\rquote s internal policies. \par
\b0 After fulfilling the purpose of collection and use of your personal information, for which your consent is given, your personal information will be placed in a separate data base (or filing cabinet in case of personal information printed on paper) and stored for a certain period of time stipulated under applicable laws and regulations before being discarded. Your personal information printed on paper will be discarded by method of shredding or incineration, and your personal information stored in electronic files will be discarded using technical methods preventing restoration thereof.  However, records pertaining to improper use of the Services will be stored for a period of one year before being discarded as set forth above in accordance with KAKAO\rquote s internal policy established to prevent any disputes arising from the improper use of the Services. Personal information to be stored by KAKAO as set forth above and the legal grounds therefor are as set forth below: \par

\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\kerning1\f3\par
1) \kerning0\f0 Records of contract or withdrawal of subscription\par
Legal Grounds : Act on the Consumer Protection in the Electronic Commerce Transactions, Etc.\par
Term of Retention : 5 years\par
2) Records of payment and supply of goods\par
Legal Grounds : Act on the Consumer Protection in the Electronic Commerce Transactions, Etc.\par
Term of Retention : 5 years\par
3) Records of consumer complaints or handling of disputes\par
Legal Grounds : Act on the Consumer Protection in the Electronic Commerce Transactions, Etc.\par
Term of Retention : 3 years\par
4) Records of electronic financial transactions\par
Legal Grounds : Electronic Financial Transactions Act\par
Term of Retention : 5 years\par
5) Website visit history\par
Legal Grounds : Protection of Communications Secrets Act\kerning1\f3\par
\kerning0\f0 Term of Retention : 3 months\par

\pard\sa100\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\par

\pard\sa100\sl240\slmult0\qj\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\b KAKAO will protect your rights.\par
\b0 You (or your legal guardian, if you are under 14 years of age) may review or change your personal information at any time, and you may also request to withdraw your consent to KAKAO\rquote s collection and use of your personal information or to deactivate your KAKAO account. More specifically, you may change your personal information by changing the relevant setting in your KAKAO account or deactivate your account (or withdraw your consent) by simply clicking on the \ldblquote Deactivate Account\rdblquote  in the setting area. Please feel free to contact our personal information manager by letter, phone or email through our customer center for immediate action. If you request us to correct any error in your personal information, KAKAO will suspend the use or provision of such personal information until the completion of the relevant correction process. \par
\b KAKAO may use cookies to provide the Services on personal computers.\par
\b0 In order to provide you with customized Services, KAKAO uses cookies which save the information stored in your personal computer (\ldblquote\b PC\b0\rdblquote ) and retrieve such stored information whenever required for any PC-based Services. A cookie is a small text file of information sent to your browser by the website operating server, which is then stored in your PC hard drive. To improve your experience in using the website, upon each of your subsequent visit to the website, the website server reads the cookie to ensure that the browser setting of your preference is maintained. Moreover, cookies are used to provide optimized and customized Services to you by recognizing your website visit record, usage and preferences. You have an option to accept or refuse cookies. You may choose the options of your web browser to accept all cookies, to receive notice when cookies are installed, or to refuse all cookies; provided, however, that if you choose to refuse cookies, you may have difficulty in accessing the part of the Services requiring a login process.      \par
\b Changes in the policy on handling of personal information will be notified separately.\b0\par
KAKAO may revise this Privacy Policy to, for example, reflect changes to the Services or applicable law. Upon the revision of this Privacy Policy, KAKAO will post a notification thereof and the revised Privacy Policy will become effective 7 days after the positing of such notification. However, if any material change to your rights is unavoidable as a result of the revised Privacy Policy, KAKAO will give you a 30-day prior notice thereof. \par
\b Contact Information\par
\b0 If you have any questions, complaint or recommendation regarding the protection of personal information, please contact our Personal Information Protection Department at privacy@kakao.com or [1577-3754]. KAKAO will use its best efforts to provide you with a timely and sufficient response.  \kerning1\f3\par

\pard\qc\tqc\tx4513\tqr\tx9000\kerning0\f0\par
}
 